README for Project 2
To run the project, first start the mongoDB with command mongod -- auth --dbpath “YOUR DB PATH” first navigate to the directory ll0406_siboz on terminal or command line. Then run following code: python proj2.py All the algorithms are included in the proj2.py, dataRetrieval.py, generalHelperTemplate . 
There are separate folder of local data. There are several random sampled we generated before and stored them as json files in it. The purpose of having the local data for now is to produce a consistent K-means algorithm output, and later vector projections.
Also, all the local data we used to draw our conclusions are in localData folder.
All the provenance data is included in the plan.json file Detail descriptions are commented throughout the proj2.py file.

Description on Project 2:
Project we focused on two problems:
1.	Examine the possible relationships between the shifting of the cluster points of Liquor Stores and the shifting of the cluster points of Shooting Crimes.
2.	How effective the Police Stations are from a Constraint Satisfaction view.
To solve the first one, we calculated the cluster points, using K-Means, of liquor stores and shooting incidents for 2013 and 2013-2016 respectively. By adding new data to the 2013 datasets, the cluster points of both liquor stores and shooting incidents will shift to different directions with different magnitude. What we are trying to do here is to find the changing of vector magnitude of Shooting Crime in the direction of changing of Liquor Store, and use correlation coefficients to determine if such changing of cluster points are related or not. As the result, the correlation coefficients we obtained is around -0.006 and we concluded that the moving liquor stores cluster points has little explanation to do with the moving of the shooting crimes.
Then we used constraint satisfaction technique. From the results we get in part 1, we know that there's somehow a trend that the location of shooting moves with the moving of liquor stores. Thanks to the project 1, we already have all the police station locations in Boston and we could use them to determine how efficient the police station was by comparing the trend of criminal location moving with the location of police station. We set an objective function Z = (10 * distance changed) km, and Z>= 5. That is to say, shooting report moved at least 500 meters then the nearby police station is named efficient. However, our result shows that none of those police station satisfied the constraint thus our conclusion is that there was no police station stayed efficient during 2013-2016.
